gh-109595: Add -Xcpu_count=<n> cmdline for container users (#109667)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-09-22-01-44-53.gh-issue-109595.fVINgD.rst

> Add ``-Xcpu_count=<n>`` cmdline option for limiting system cpu resources from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :samp:`-Xcpu_count={n}` command line option for limiting system CPU resources from
```

Hum, maybe just say that it overrides os.cpu_count()?

> Python program. Patch by Donghee Na.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :samp:`-Xcpu_count={n}` command line option to override CPU count of :func:`os.cpu_count`.
This option is useful for users who need to limit CPU resources of a container system.
Patch by Donghee Na.
```
